## v1.39.1 - 2022-11-14

<!--v2-->

For users, the primary difference in this release is improved documentation in the project repo and a few new release artifacts.

For developers, this contains a lot of changes related to CI, development workflow improvements, and more. Yes, the wait is over! 🎉

### 🎉 Feature

- Release process primarily handled by the great [GoReleaser](https://goreleaser.com/).
- Release local and remote both invoked easily via: `mage release:all` task.
  This includes cross-platform builds, signing, publishing to s3, github release creation, SBOM creation, and more.
  - This lays the groundwork for additional installation methods, such as `brew`, that will be coming soon.
- Release artifacts now include software bill of materials, signature files from cosign for asset verification.
- [Aqua-proj](https://aquaproj.github.io/) now points to this new repo location.
- `README.md` now contains quick install snippets to get installation up and running more quickly. We love ♥️ our users.

### 📘 Documentation

- Included documentation overview on basics of setup of signing for contributors needing it.
- Release process documented.
- 🎉 Charm's VHS project used for generation of landing images via script, aka a codified gif generation.

### 🤖 Development

- 🎉 Update `master` branch default for the repository to `main` to align with better industry inclusive naming practices.
- 🤖 Mage task automation contains additional helpers for cert installs for Apple, S3 Upload of artifacts.
- Trunk automation fully integrated now. Just run `trunk check --ci` to locally reproduce the exact checks the PR linting checks will do.

### 🚀 Continual Integration & Release Changes

- CI Matrix build no longer used, single agent building and releasing.
- CI pipelines refactored and using nearly identical tools via `aqua` tool, so local development and CI development is nearly equal now.
- CI testing pipelines for end to end and integration tests were split into their own independent pipelines.
- CI process is now fully containerized in ephemeral hosted agents, no longer expecting any environment setup.

### Build Specific Changes

- Apply basic steps on goreleaser templates for creating [reproducible builds](https://goreleaser.com/customization/build/#reproducible-builds).

### 🔨 Refactor

- The project go module has been renamed from `thy` to GitHub canonical name format `github.com/DelineaXPM/dsv-cli`.
  This will also allow better support for installing the latest version of cli via `go install github.com/DelineaXPM/dsv-cli@latest` as an option for those so so inclined.

### 🧪 Testing

- `mage test:integration` task added that checks all the required environment variables and flags to invoke much more easily locally and in CI.
- Unit tests run via gotestsum.
- Codecov integration for pull requests provide feedback on PR coverage changes on each new request.
- Testing is now able to be run on unit tests immediately.
  Integration tests now check for required environment variable `GO_INTEGRATION_TEST` to opt-in to tests, rather than requiring filtering out.
- Remove `fmt` blocking test. This is now covered by `golangci-lint` tooling run by trunk if required. Current tests flag vendor directory incorrectly.

### ⬆️ Dependencies

- Various upgrades and improvements via renovate.

### Known Issues & Workarounds

- Allowing binary to run if prompted by OS (only required when running a new version the first time).
  When possible this will be further improved, but until then just accept the prompt after installation and it should function as normal.
  - Smart Screen on windows may still prompt at this time for allowing binary to run the first time.
  - Gatekeeper on MacOS might alert as well, despite being signed, due to other requirements with Apple.

### Related

- fixes AB#469252 AB#448642
- related AB#452090

### Contributors

- [sheldonhull](https://github.com/sheldonhull)
