## v1.40.0 - 2023-02-01

### 🎉 Feature

- Add new flags to engine list command. Query flag for partial search, pool-name flag for search by pool name, sort flag for representing data in ascending or descending order, sorted-by flag for specifying field to sort.
- Add `sort` flag for representing data in ascending or descending order. Add `sorted-by` flag for specifying which field to sort data on the pool list command.
- Add `sort` flag for representing data in ascending or descending order. Add `sorted-by` flag for specifying which field to sort data on with the role list command.
- Add `sort` flag to specify ascending or descending order to client search command.
- Add `sort` flag for representing data in ascending or descending order. Add `sorted-by` flag for specifying which field to sort data on with the policy search command.
- Add sort, sorted-by flags for representing data in ascending or descending order by some field with the user search command.
- Add `sort` flag for representing data in ascending or descending order. Add `sorted-by` flag for specifying which field to sort data on with the group search command.
- Add `query` flag for partial search. Add `limit` flag to specify number of items which will be returned and `cursor` flag to retrieve additional results. Add `sort` flag for representing data in ascending or descending order with the user groups command.
- Add new `byok update` cli command which allows to change master encryption key for a new user's one.

### 🐛 Bug Fix

- Fix reading cache file for checking cli versions. Save just one using link on update.
- Use new Delinea DSV Azure DevOps Task instead of deprecated ThycoticDSV.
- Use endpoint prompting only when selected transport protocol is either HTTP or HTTPS for `siem create`.
- Delete engine without useless force flag.

### 🤖 Development

- Devcontainer attempts to mount existing dsv cli configuration from filestore if this is available. This will ease local devcontainer usage setup and allow testing and `$HOME/.envrc` configurations to be autoloaded.

### Related

- fixes AB#481685
- fixes AB#481686
- fixes AB#481687
- fixes AB#481688
- fixes AB#481928
- fixes AB#481929
- fixes AB#481930
- fixes AB#482144
- fixes AB#482527
- fixes AB#482447
- fixes AB#482320
- fixes AB#482838
- fixes AB#468104
- related AB#481683
- related AB#470745
- related AB#482427
- related AB#481124
- related AB#468923

### Contributors

- [mariiatuzovska](https://github.com/mariiatuzovska)
- [sheldonhull](https://github.com/sheldonhull)
